                                                Advance Excel Assignment 2
1. What does the dollar($) sign do?
answer-	$ symbol in Excel locks a specific cell or rows or columns in a worksheet. 
This feature is used while working on formulas when we do not want the reference to be changed when copying or dragging the formula to other cell references.
2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed)?	
answer-Changing a cell from a relative to an absolute reference can be done by following the steps below.
a.Open Microsoft Excel.
b.Highlight the cell containing the formula you want to have changed to an absolute or relative reference.
c.Click the formula box (shown below) or highlight the formula and press the F4 key to switch between an absolute and relative cell reference.	
3. Explain the order of operations in excel?
answer-Excel's order of operation follows the acronym PEMDAS (Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction) 
but with some customization to handle the formula syntax in a spreadsheet. 
4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax
for any of two?
answer-(a)SUM Function-  SUM(number1, [number2],...).
(b)AVERAGE Function-AVERAGE(number1, [number2], …).
5. When would you use the subtotal function?
answer-The SUBTOTAL function is used when you display a Total row in an Excel Table. Excel inserts the SUBTOTAL function automatically, 
and you can use a drop-down menu to switch behavior and show max, min, average, etc.
answer-The SUBTOTAL function is used when you display a Total row in an Excel Table. Excel inserts the SUBTOTAL function automatically,
and we can use a drop-down menu to switch behavior and show max, min, average, etc.
6. What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it?
answer-=VLOOKUP( lookup_value, table_array, column_index, range_lookup )
explain- ‘lookup_value’ specifies the value to be searched inside the ‘table_array’. It can either be a value or a reference.
‘table_array’ is the range with two or more columns. ‘table_array’ argument can receive a range reference or a named range. 
The leftmost column of this range must contain the ‘lookup_value'.
